base question for collaborators (#325)
nodejs/next-10: ambassadors/interview.md

# Base question for collaborators

# Yourself

* Who are you?
* Tell us more about yourself?
* When did you start using Node.js?
* On which Open Source project are you working on?
* What drive you to work on open source?

# Day job

* What is your day job?
* Where are you working?

> * How does your work is related to contributing to Node.js?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How does your work relate to contributing to Node.js?
```
